docs: Consul v1.22 release assembly branch (#22907)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/operator/audit.mdx

---
layout: commands
page_title: 'Commands: Operator Audit'
description: >

>   The operator audit command is used to interact with Consul's audit logging subsystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the operator audit command to interact with Consul's audit logging subsystem.
```

---

# Consul Operator Audit

Command: `consul operator audit`

<EnterpriseAlert />

Consul Enterprise audit logging captures a list of authenticated events that 

> Consul processes through its HTTP API. The `operator audit` command is used to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul processes through its HTTP API. Use the `operator audit` command to 
```

interact with Consul's audit logging subsystem.

Fore information and workflow guidance, refer to the [audit logging documentation](/consul/docs/monitor/log/audit).

```text
Usage: consul operator audit <subcommand> [options]
  The Audit operator command is used to interact with Consul's Audit logging subsystem. The
  command can be used to calculate the audit log hash of a given string.

Subcommands:
    hash    Computes the audit hash of a string
```

If ACLs are enabled, the client must supply an ACL Token with `operator`
read or write privileges to use these commands.

## hash

Corresponding HTTP API Endpoint: [\[POST\] /v1/operator/audit-hash](/consul/api-docs/operator/audit)

> Computes the audit hash of a string. Can optionally compare the computed hash to a specified hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the audit hash of a string. Optionally compare the computed hash to a specified hash.
```
